VSHE Release note 2024-05-13.md (#137)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-verification/release-notes/2024-05-13.md

We updated the results returned for disability ratings. They will now exclude ratings that do not have a “begin” date.

> Added fields  (underline)

Reviewer: What does "Added fields (underline)" mean? I need more clarity here.

Author: Got some clarification from Lorri. She was just referencing that we added the new field **hyph_diagnostic_type_code** and she meant underscore. We can remove the line:
Added fields (underline)

> We added a second (optional) diagnostic type code field in the response section for individual ratings attributes. Field name: hyph_diagnostic_type_code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added a second (optional) diagnostic type code field in the response section for individual ratings attributes. The field name is hyph_diagnostic_type_code.
```

If we receive the optional code from the disability rating source system, it will be included in the API response (directly after diagnostic_type_code).

> Additionally, a field labeled static indicator is now included in the API response for disability ratings. The values in this field are (Y)es or (N)o.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a field labeled static indicator is now included in the API response for disability ratings. The values in this field are Y for yes or N for no.
```
